what you got famous when you became a
famous person oh my god a kid right I
was I've been doing this since I was
well seven performing and I mean I you
know I look at my kids now and I'm like
oh my god like I was performing when I
was your age do you think it would have
been different if at that time there was
Instagram and snapchat and these social
media platforms do you think that would
have been a good thing or a bad thing
for you when I was first coming out with
Jeannie and what a girl wants I mean I
came from the era where privacy was
actually a good thing and mystique and
like a mystery about yourself right but
but no I actually think there is a plus
side I've learned a lot about the you
know social media because at first I was
like is this all there is to it like I
was like ants so vain and all right like
the selfie thing as I go it's a little
boring but you can use it to your
advantage
and it's a way to connect to your fans
and I do get that and it's great and
it's a platform you can use you know to
express yourself in your own way and it
squashes beef stew like I've never seen
it done and people like more yeah like
they come together now more and I'm like
yeah like if this was back in the day
whenever people were comparing me to
other artists and things were happening
I was like I would have just loved to
squash it before you know having an
interview which beeps would you have
liked that squash
well you know you do an interview and
back then it was just like the media was
the storyteller for you right you have
yeah you have no like this is what it is
here's a picture of us right here and
now hanging out you know pajamas eating
popcorn or whatever you're saying there
were instances where people believed
there was an issue between you and
someone else when there wasn't but I was
coming up it was very obvious you know
me and Brittany we're definitely right
Brittany Cristina like you know
considered rivalry thing and yeah if we
had social media back then we would have
probably done like a song together or
something and just like squash you would
you ever talk to Britney Spears
you know I ham down
why are you know social media to rock
out tweet to her something like that or
whatever it is whatever the popular
thing is now to do them because I would
love to be a part of it that's like I
really would like to be a part of this
perhaps say okay and you know yeah okay
good alright hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel click
below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though